0. Pneumonoultramicoroscopiclilcovlcanoconiosis is the longest word published in the oxford dictionary and is a type 
    of lung disease.
1.  It Returns resource usage measures for who, which can be one of the following RUSAGE_SELF, RUSAGE_CHILDREN, 
    RUSAGE_THREAD, they are returned in the structure pointed to by usage.
2.  16
3.  Because the values change on every run depending on a multiude of reasons if it was done by value, the same 
    calculations would appear. For example if you ran the program three times on the same paper you would get three 
    different values, but if you passed the value you would get the same values everytime even though that may not 
    be true.
4.  The for loop line it self says store the first char as an int in c, checks to make sure its not the end of the
    file, and then sets c equal to the next char. Then inside it checks to see if its a char or appostophe and if
    the index is greater than zero. If it is add the char to the word in proper location then move to the next 
    empty spot in the array if the index is to long to be a word consume the rest of those letters and ignore the 
    word. reset the index to zero to store a new word. if a digit is encountered consume rest of that word and 
    reset index to zero to store a new word. if none of those other conditions are met and index is  greater than
    zero a new word is found add one to the counter word spelling update the time, and if the word is misspelled
    print the word and add one to misspelled counter, set index to zero for next word to be stored.
5.  fgetc geths the character for a letter or apostophe while the fscanf will read until white space so it could add
    numbers or commas into the word and that would cause errors the way the program is designed.
6.  That way we would have to use some type of dynamic memory storage to complete the program.
7.  I implimented a combination of hash table and tries to form my program and what was implimented inside my node 
    was simply a word of a length+1 to allow for the space inbetween words,and a pointer to the next node.
8.  It took 112 seconds long.
9.  I increased the size of the hash table and based it off of the first four characters of the word if the word 
    was that long.
    I also made my formula for the hash table to be 26*26*26*12. I am not to sure why it works faster with a 12 for 
    the last char but it does my best guess is because maybe some words do not stretch that long allowing faster 
    storage for words 3 chars long or the possibilities for the end of an actual word is less than 26.
10. Yes I do I feel my biggest bottle neck is the 12 if I could find the precise reason as to why it is that way I 
    could modify it to make the hashing process quicker and more efficient without producing errors.
